app-interact/lab/os-cloud: Explain virtualisation and containers #143 (#286)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/app-interact/lab/quiz/container-vs-vm.md

# Container versus VM

## Question Text

What is one advantage of using containers over VMs in regard to starting times and memory consumption?

## Question Answers

- VMs can start up faster and use less memory than containers.

+ Containers can start up faster and use less memory than VMs.

- The comparison cannot be made.

## Feedback

This is because containers share the host kernel and do not require a separate guest operating system to be installed.

> Which means that they have less resource overhead than virtual machines, which need to run a complete guest operating system on top of the host operating system using a hypervisor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that they impose less resource overhead than virtual machines, which need to run a complete guest operating system on top of the host operating system using a hypervisor.
```
